(Korea's First Artificial Intelligence Cancer Center)
Being discharged isn't a big deal.
You didn't have to come.
I know, right? I'm not a kid.
You're not a kid, but you're an important witness.
I contacted the police and requested protective custody.
You requested protective custody?
Nothing will happen, but just in case.
What if Yu Beom is out to get her?
Does that mean you'll follow me around until the trial is over?
That's right. Just hang in there for a few days.
The trial will happen soon.
Oh, there they are.
Hello.
- What? - We're here...
to protect Ms. Nam Hong Joo. I'm Han Woo Tak...
- from Sangku Division. - And I'm Lieutenant Oh Kyung Han.
We'll keep you safe until the trial is over.
Woo Tak.
I'm glad that it'll be done by officers we know.
Are you all right? I've been really worried about you.
Yes, I'm fine.
Jae Chan told me...
that you went out of your way to rescue me.
Well, he didn't make that much effort.
Woo Tak, are you the only police officer in the entire Hangang-gu?
Right? I was also very surprised when I was assigned to this.
What a coincidence.
Coincidence, my foot. What on earth are you talking about?
It has to be one or the other.
Either Prosecutor Jung requested us,
or Lieutenant Han volunteered.
I never put in such a request.
I didn't volunteer either.
One of you is obviously putting on a show now...
to fool all of us, but I'm...
not even interested, so let's get going.
Thank you.
Come on. Let's go.
Don't put on such a show.
Gosh, look who's talking.
Drive safely.
Let's order dinner from Dongchunwon.
And double-check this seized items list.
Sure.
Dongchunwon is closed on Sundays. Shall I boil water for cup noodles?
It's okay. I'll do it.
Shall I boil water for yours too?
Yes, please. I want the kimchi flavor.
How can you be so calm?
What do you mean?
Ms. Nam nearly died.
Had I been in your situation,
I would've grabbed Lee Yu Beom by the collar at the very least.
Do I seem calm to you?
Yes, you're starting to scare me a little.
I'm not calm at all.
I'm furious.
Lee Yu Beom! Let go!
Every second, I imagine grabbing him by the collar,
yelling, and beating him to a pulp.
And?
- Hey, enough. - Sir!
I said, stop it!
- But the consequences of that... - Hey!
- will be too cruel. - Are you out of your mind?
- I'll be excluded from everything. - Take your hands off it now!
I won't be able to do anything.
Are you a thug or what?
- What will you do now? - I'll have to accept it,
and I'll also receive a restraining order.
Everything will be ruined.
So is that why you're suppressing your anger?
That's right. My jaw hurts every morning...
because I clench my teeth so hard at night.
I have a mouthguard. Shall I lend it to you?
You'll find it helpful.
Gosh, you should've told me sooner.
Please bring it tomorrow.
All right, I will.
It looks like you think that everything I own is yours anyway.
I shall bring Red as well as my mouthguard for you.
(Vecaron, 3 vials)
Whose handwriting is this?
It's mine.
Would you mind reading what's written here aloud?
I'm farsighted due to my old age.
You absolutely can't make any mistakes. Got it?
Mr. Han, why can't you tell us the color of the umbrella?
What color was the umbrella?
I can't really differentiate colors.
What should I do now, Robin?
It looks like I'll ruin everything.
Gosh, relax.
Today, we'll just go through the evidence lists.
There's Mr. Eight-figure Salary. At 3 o'clock.
Prosecutor Lee Ji Kwang, I've heard a lot about you.
Please go easy on us, Prosecutor Jung.
That's what we want to ask you.
Mr. Eight... I mean, Mr. Ko.
I reviewed your evidence list.
You sure have investigated everything thoroughly.
Oh, you think so?
Then please don't disagree with too many of them.
It'll complicate things for both sides, you know.
I know that, of course. I hate dealing with delays in trials.
(Trial in Session)
Counsel, would you like to let us know your thoughts on the evidence?
Sure. Evidence number three, disagree.
We also disagree with number 7 and 11.
He said he won't disagree with anything.
- Number 13, disagree. - Just disagree with all of them.
We were going to disagree with number 15 as well,
but we'll let this one slide.
Goodness, thank you so very much.
Number 17, disagree.
Number 17 is the victim Nam Hong Joo's statement.
You don't agree with it?
No, Ms. Nam is the only witness in this case.
Her statement will decide whether the defendant is guilty or not,
so I think that we must have her testify...
right here in the courtroom to determine her credibility.
Okay, point taken.
Is there anything else you'd like to point out?
Yes, there are still many on our list.
Number 19, disagree.
What's his problem? Why is he questioning Mr. Choi's credibility?
Will we have to summon Mr. Choi Dam Dong as well?
Yes. The prosecution is insisting...
that the defendant killed Ms. Ha Ju Won in order to conceal...
that he tampered with evidence...
while working on the IV drip serial murder case in the past.
Hence, we must summon Mr. Choi, who was the investigator on the case,
to examine further details about it.
And we also disagree with number 34.
Number 44 too.
You disagree with number 44 too?
(Statement, Han Woo Tak)
Does that mean we'll have to summon Mr. Han Woo Tak as well?
The prosecution is insisting that the defendant is guilty...
of murder and attempted murder based on his claims,
so we ought to confirm the validity of his statement here in court.
(Subpoena to Testify)
Then Prosecution, will you put in a request...
to summon Ms. Nam, Mr. Choi, and Mr. Han so that we can...
question them as witnesses at the next trial?
- Yes, Your Honor. - Yes, Your Honor.
It's obvious that their plan is to impeach all of our witnesses.
It'll be a long trial.
What's all this?
You've been working hard to guard Hong Joo for the last few days.
I wanted to treat you. This is...
a token of my appreciation.
I feel this every time I see you.
I think you're quite stingy when it comes to expressing your gratitude.
- Don't even. - No, he's quite expressive with me.
My gosh.
Who is this?
Oh, that. That's...
My goodness. It must be her,
your crush. Aren't I right?
What?
Really?
Is this shadow the girl you have a crush on?
Yes. Well, that's right.
She must be pretty.
She looks like the innocent-looking, intelligent type.
Aren't I right?
Are you talking about yourself?
No, this girl.
Hey, how can you tell from her shadow alone?
I can totally tell.
What is wrong with your eyes?
Hey, Du Hyun.
Yes, that's right. Oh, you'll come to Lee Yu Beom's trial tomorrow?
Gosh.
She's in no position to bash me.
She can't even tell that it's her own shadow.
I know, right?
So you knew.
You've known about it anyway.
Yes, I have.
Let's not get all awkward.
I'll pretend not to know about it, so let's keep on being friends.
You're very understanding.
If that's the case...
Can we really talk like friends now, then?
Gosh, not a chance. I'm not that understanding.
My gosh, it sounds like a ton of reporters will be there tomorrow.
I really hope that I won't make any mistakes.
I'm so nervous.
You can't be more nervous than I am.
I think my heart is hurting.
Let's eat this yogurt.
- Yogurt. - Yogurt.
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
We were used to having every day being like any other day,
but a very special day was about to begin.
Please get in, Mr. Choi. I'll give you a ride to the court.
Well, sure.
For some people, today will bring joy...
or rage.
It'll work out.
And some will remember today as a sad day for a long time.
(Today is an important day for you. I'll be there to root for you.)
Mr. Lee, are you ready?
Of course. I'm perfectly ready!
At the end of the day,
we'll hear someone's last words.
"Don't cry."
"Beat yourself up, but keep it short."
"But..."
"don't forget about what happened."
I'll see you inside.
You must be nervous.
Yes, I am.
Try to relax.
People will think that you're a defendant, and I'm a prosecutor.
I'll try.
Don't think that the trial has to be harder than it actually is.
The answer is clear if you think about what makes sense.
Between a lawyer colluding with a serial killer...
to attempt to kill a reporter...
and the serial killer trying to kill...
both the lawyer and the reporter,
what makes more sense to you?
Well,
I think that our arguments make more sense.
Is that so?
Gosh, I'm curious to see...
which side the judge will find more credible.
I'm curious too.
Whom will he believe more this time?
[VIU Ver] E30 While You Were Sleeping "Stand by Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Just a second.
Hello.
Ms. Nam, it's been a while.
Are you better now?
Yes, I'm fully recovered now.
I'm glad to hear that.
It's been so long, mister.
Yes.
I really wanted to meet you again.
Me too.
All rise.
Please be seated.
Counsel and Prosecution. Everyone is here, right?
Yes, Your Honor.
- Yes, Your Honor. - Yes, Your Honor.
The prosecution is insisting that the defendant...
killed Ha Ju Won in order to conceal that he tampered with evidence...
while working on the IV drip serial murder case in the past.
Whether he manipulated the evidence or not...
is the key to solving this case.
Mr. Choi. On December 12, 2014,
you conducted a search and seizure at Myung Yi Suk's office. Correct?
Yes, I did.
I see "Vecaron, three vials" at the bottom of this list.
What is Vecaron?
It's the drug that the serial killer used...
to kill his victims.
The killer injected the drug into patients via IV drips...
and killed 11 people in total.
As we all know, it's been revealed...
that Ha Ju Won was the real killer,
but some insist that the Vecaron vials are fabricated evidence.
Do you agree with them?
Yes, I do believe that it was fabricated.
- Gosh. - That's crazy.
The vials were crucial evidence, yet you added them...
to the very bottom of the list with a different pen.
What happened?
I made the seized items list at the scene...
and went through it again when I returned to the office...
while comparing it to the actual items.
It looks like that because what was missing on the list was added then.
Then what about this handwriting?
Whose handwriting is this?
It's mine.
(Vecaron, 3 vials)
You were the one who conducted the search and seizure.
You also made the seized items list.
You added the additional seized items onto the list as well.
Then in your opinion, whom should be suspected first...
of tampering with the evidence?
What's going on?
How sneaky. Are they trying to dump it all on Mr. Choi?
Your Honor, it's inappropriate to ask questions that are...
solely based on speculations.
Please disregard this question.
Leading questions are permitted in cross-examinations,
so I don't think there are any problems.
Mr. Choi.
Yes, Your Honor.
You may refuse to answer the question according to Article 148...
of the Criminal Procedure Law.
Will you refuse to testify?
Yes, I won't answer the question.
Then people will think that Mr. Choi actually tampered with the evidence.
We're in big trouble.
I rest my case.
Prosecution, do you have additional questions for the witness?
Yes, Your Honor. We do.
Mr. Choi.
Where were you when you went through this list to double-check it?
I was in Prosecutor Lee's office at Yeonju Prosecutors' Office.
Then please name everyone who reviewed the seized items list...
at the scene.
Well... I, Mr. Seo,
and Mr. Lee Yu Beom who was the prosecutor in charge of the case.
Then three people had access to the seized items,
which means that all three of them could've tampered with the evidence.
- Am I right? - Yes.
1 of the 3 people received an award...
from the Public Prosecutor General after the case was resolved.
Pardon me?
An award from the Public Prosecutor General?
Why is he asking such a random question?
- Yes. - Who is it?
Lawyer Lee Yu Beom received the award.
Why didn't all of you get it?
Well, it's because we were just investigators.
All responsibility as well as honor...
should go to the prosecutor, you know.
Then when did Lawyer Lee get an offer from Hae Kwang Law Firm?
Right after he received the award.
Were you rewarded in any way after the case got solved?
I was not rewarded in any way.
When a number of people are suspected of evidence tampering,
the question of who did it inevitably arises.
The answer can be obtained easily if we tweak the question a bit.
Who benefited from the evidence tampering?
Who was the biggest beneficiary?
Who was it?
It was Lawyer Lee Yu Beom.
I rest my case.
Score. Nicely done.
(The One Who Benefited from the Evidence Tampering Is the Culprit)
(It's Lee Yu Beom!)
It looks like he got over the hardest part.
Yes, it seems so.
Am I next?
(Trial in Session)
The most important thing in determining whether...
what the defendant did was an act of self-defense or an act...
of murder and attempted murder...
is how the witness, Ms. Nam Hong Joo, got to the rooftop.
The counsel is insisting that Ha Ju Won carried you on her back.
Do you remember what happened?
Yes, I do.
But it was actually the defendant, Lee Yu Beom, who carried me.
He's insisting that he was...
physically incapable of carrying you because he was drugged.
No, he was not under the influence of any drug...
until we got to the rooftop.
How can you be so certain?
When I collapsed on the rooftop,
I saw two people holding umbrellas.
I clearly saw both of them holding umbrellas.
If Ha Ju Won had carried me like the defendant is insisting,
she wouldn't have been able to also carry an umbrella.
If the defendant had been intoxicated,
he wouldn't have thought to bring two umbrellas.
That's true.
Hey, Ms. Nam is so impressive. She's very smart.
But the umbrellas can be explained if the defendant...
hadn't been drugged.
He must've carried me to the rooftop completely sober,
and Ha Ju Won must've followed him with two umbrellas.
But he's insisting that he was physically incapable of doing it...
as he was given the same sleep inducer as you.
And the drug was found in the blood test he got done.
He probably...
took the pills himself after killing Ha Ju Won.
To be able to claim that it was self-defense.
- My gosh. - That makes sense.
That's crazy.
My goodness.
It's based on her speculations, but they're not making an objection.
I know.
Does that mean they acknowledge it?
You said Ha Ju Won must've brought two umbrellas.
Why do you think she did that?
I think it shows that she thought she'd leave the scene with him.
My gosh.
- I knew it. - She's right.
She would've only brought one had she thought that she'd leave alone.
In other words, he pushed her off the building and killed her...
when she had no intentions of killing him.
That's not self-defense. That's murder.
- She's right. - Unbelievable.
Gosh, how could he do that?
Your Honor.
- This is crazy. - Who's telling the truth?
Counsel, you may question the witness now.
Sure.
(Defense Counsel)
According to what you remember,
the defendant who wasn't drugged...
carried you to the rooftop after you were drugged, right?
Yes.
This is what the witness...
and the defendant took on the day of the incident.
There are precautions for taking this.
Would you mind reading what's written here aloud?
I'm farsighted due to my old age.
What's the matter? Is something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
"It's been reported that there can be various types of..."
"side effects including abnormal thinking..."
"and behavioral changes."
"What has been reported includes visual hallucinations..."
"Visual hallucinations,"
"auditory hallucinations,"
"and depersonalization disorder to name a few."
That's what's written there, right?
Are you saying I hallucinated?
No, that's not what I meant.
I simply listed the side effects that could occur.
I did not experience such side effects at the time of the incident.
Most people who suffer such side effects...
say things like that. They say...
that they're fine.
He turned Ms. Nam's argument into total nonsense in one blow.
That's why he didn't make an objection earlier.
He kept quiet intentionally in order to kill...
the credibility of Ms. Nam's argument.
This is crazy. Will we let him walk all over us like that?
I clearly remember what happened.
That man over there carried me to the rooftop.
He was holding an umbrella,
and he abetted Ha Ju Won's attempt to kill me.
Even the memories of the defendant carrying you to the rooftop,
holding an umbrella, and abetting Ha Ju Won's attempt to kill you...
are from after you took these pills, right?
Your Honor, the witness wasn't the only one who took those pills.
The defendant is insisting that he took them too.
If the witness' testimony is impeached because of the pills,
all of the defendant's arguments should be impeached as well.
He claims that he tried to save Ms. Nam's life...
and that he only pushed Ha Ju Won because she attacked him.
He also insists that all of it was an act of self-defense,
but everything he believes could've been...
hallucinations from the sleeping pills that he took.
That's it. We can't let them walk all over us.
Nicely done. You sure are Chief Jung's son.
This means that your testimony will be the key in solving this case.
The score is even now.
Han Woo Tak holds the key now.
Both sides' testimonies lost their credibility,
and Woo Tak is the only witness left now.
- Yes, sir. - When will he be questioned?
It'll begin right away when the trial resumes at 4pm.
Mr. Ko won't be able to get him impeached as well, right?
Ms. Son, why are you saying such a thing?
That won't happen.
We have those umbrellas, you know.
I heard Lee Yu Beom and Ha Ju Won's fingerprints were found on them.
Frankly, I don't even think that we need Han Woo Tak to testify.
The thing is, those umbrellas...
were found on the front lawn of the building, not on the rooftop.
It must've been because of the wind.
I heard that it was very windy that day.
That's what we're claiming.
They can say that they left the umbrellas on the ground floor.
We need a testimony that witnessed those umbrellas on the rooftop.
How do you think that Han Woo Tak will do?
You don't need to worry.
He's a police officer, and he was the first to arrive on the scene.
He can certainly testify.
What should I do?
The culprit will get away if I make a mistake.
Woo Tak. You don't know the colors of those umbrellas, do you?
Listen carefully. One of them was green,
and the other one was red.
They'll ask you what the umbrellas looked like.
If you can't answer that question,
they'll find out about your color blindness.
Then you'll have to leave the police.
So just memorize this.
The long umbrella was green, and the three-tier one was red.
Hong Joo.
How did you know?
That's not important right now.
You absolutely can't make any mistakes. Got it?
Forget it. You know what? Just say that you're sick and go home.
You might give it away if that lawyer keeps interrogating you.
Just leave now. I'll tell them that you fainted.
Then Lee Yu Beom might get acquitted.
That's not important right now.
You can't leave the police force.
You said you can never give up being a police officer.
If they find out about your color blindness,
you'll have to give up everything.
Get out of here while no one is around.
I'll explain it to Jae Chan.
So you should just...
Woo Tak.
I won't run away.
I won't make any mistakes.
Don't worry.
Mr. Han.
Please read the oath aloud.
If you lie after taking the oath,
you'll be punished for perjury. You're well aware of that, right?
Yes, Your Honor. I'm aware.
Woo Tak.
"Oath".
"I solemnly affirm that the evidence to be given by me..."
"shall be nothing but the truth. If any of it is untrue,"
"I pledge that I will be punished for perjury."
Oh, Hong Joo.
Why are you alone? Where's Jae Chan?
He had to go back home because he left his phone.
He'll be here soon. Where's your car?
I can't use it due to road rationing.
We haven't taken the bus together in so long.
- What are you doing? - What?
Nothing. I wasn't doing anything.
What's taking Jae Chan so long?
I'll be late for work.